>> Hello
and welcome to the Haskell weekly podcast. I'm your
host, Taylor Fausak. I'm the lead engineer at
ITProTV. And with me today is one of the
engineers on my team. Cameron Gera. Thanks for
joining me today, Cam.
>> Thanks for having me, Taylor. I'm excited to be here. It's been
a minute since we've done this, you know? So I'm glad to get
back into it.
>> Yeah, we took a month off there around
Thanksgiving. I guess we needed some time to recuperate from those
large meals.
>> Mm. All that turkey. Mm.
But yeah. I mean, today we're in December.
It's, uh, here in Florida. It's actually a little chilly for once,
which has been really nice. Um, and, you
know, the holiday season is upon us, and there's this
awesome project that's been out there for a couple of
years now called Advent of Code. And so
I've been working on it. Taylor, you've been kicking my butt at it. But
you know, Taylor is also working on it on, and I just wanted to, you
know, let our listeners know that that's available to you. If you're interested,
you can solve it in any language you want. But,
you know, I'd encourage Haskell Taylor's doing,
Elm so there's, You know, it's all about
getting to the right answer. Uh, and so that actually kind
of leads us in today's topic because, you
know, in Advent of Code, we're doing a lot of parsing.
And in this edition of Haskell Weekly, which
is edition 241 there is
a blog post called parser combinators
walkthrough and I was like, Oh, sweet,
This is awesome. I need this, um, and you
know, the author Antoine Leblanc did
a great job of explaining this I'm really excited
to kind of chit chat about it. So the parsing expert
ourselves from least not it's not Antoine, but it's
Taylor. So he's the expert here, so I'm
probably gonna be pinning him with a lot of questions. Um,
so, yeah, I mean,
>> I'm ready.
>> Obviously, I know what a parser is.
Luckily, Antoine talks about that which is
just, you know, the ability
to read through some sort of
stream and transform it into some other data
type. The most common
one in Haskell is generally a string. You
parse the string by each character, and You go
parse it into something else. Um,
and here he focuses on, you know,
understanding what Parsec does and
what it is and kind of rebuilds it to Then
kind of make a JSON parser
>> Yeah, You've touched on a lot of things that I wanna
build on just a little bit. So
yeah, a parser at a high level is something that takes
some input and produces some output. But that basically
describes a function as well. So that's a little too general.
Usually when we think of parsers, we're thinking of parsing
strings and in Haskell returning them into more structured
data types. So one thing that we've talked about
before on this podcast is the difference
between parsing and validating. So
parsing like you consume your input and
produce something that tells you more about it. You know, more
information at the end versus validation is like you already
have some data on hand, and you just check something
about it,
>> right.
>> Um and like you mentioned, string is a really common input
type for parsers, but it doesn't have to be strings. You can
parse byte string. You can parse, JSON. I
mean, and when I say parse JSON, I mean, like, you could use JSON
as your input type and then produce something else at the end. So
with the library, like Aeson, when you're doing the
FromJSON instance, you could think of that as
like, I'm taking a JSON input and producing some
custom type as the output. That's a helpful way to
think about it. But
>> yeah, it makes a lot of sense to me.
I just, you know, have a
really excuse me. I've really never taken the
time to understand what's happening underneath. I just kind of
say Oh, yeah, it's It's parsing JSON into our new data
type and that's it's fine. But when
I'm, you know, working on Advent of code Problem where I'm saying All
right, let me take in this stream of input,
and I need to make sure you know
I need to parse it and then also validate it afterwards, which
you since I have the data type and I could parse it into
a known you know ADT for say, I
think hair color is something I'm trying to parse right now,
and you know. Do you have a certain op number of
options for that? Um and so I
could parse that into a specific, you know, data type. That
would be easier to understand. It's a check
against.
>> Yeah, that's a really natural fit for, uh,
parsing into a data type. Because instead of matching on a
string and having some, you know, underscore match that
says this should never happen You know, this is an impossible
case. You can actually just rule it out.
Um,
>> you should see the code. Right now it's
I'm using data dot text, and I'm doing a lot of
infix isInfixOf and
any and alls and it's no good. So
>> yeah, and hopefully after we finish talking about parser
combinators and you can apply
this to your advent of code solution, you'll be able to look and see like Oh,
yeah, using a parcer here makes
code that's both easier to read and easier to maintain and
easier to see what's going on versus the like,
poking around and plucking sub strings out of stuff like you
might do in some other languages.
>> Yeah, so I mean, that's a great
little segue like where do we start
with parsecs like, What's a good place to start
understanding and how Parsec and
parser combinators work?
>> Yeah, so this post obviously, is
a great place to start, But it's not the first resource for
something like this. And it's been a
while since I was learning
how parser combinators work. So I want to say
that like the Parsec documentation or
Megaparsec or Attoparsec any of those are
probably find to understand, like the API that they
expose. But to figure out how it works behind the
scenes, you're going to need a resource like this or
Stephen Diehl wrote one a while ago
where he goes through the same thing of building up a parser
combinator from scratch. And I'm sure other people have written things as
well. So I'll try to include links to
those things in the show notes. But yeah,
this is a great resource. So let's let's dive right in.
>> Yeah, so the first thing he does is obviously give
you a type signature and show you that
Parsec is really just a function. Uh, you know
you're taking some string and
transforming into some a, um and you know,
that's not always gonna be successful. So he actually creates
it, you know, it returns an either. So you can kind of catch a
parsing error and display that to your users so that they can
understand. Oh, my input. Incorrect. Let me change
that. Uh, and so, you know,
that's a good little, you know,
place to start. And then he's like, All right, well,
enough of that we're done. Cool. Let's move on. We've
got to
really crux parsers,
right? That are super low, low,
low level or high level.
>> They're low level, I think.
>> Right. That's what I would have thought
>> They're like primitives almost
>> right. And that's the idea of,
you know, an any parser and an
end of file parser. So an any parser just says,
keep giving me stuff while there is stuff.
And then the end of file
partner says, Oh, there's nothing left to parse.
We're done. Here is your output. Here's your
result.
>> And both of these things are quote unquote
combinators. I know that when I was learning functional
programming in Haskell and parser commentators that
term kind of threw me off like, What does it mean exactly?
So from this post that any function
that is a parser and the EOF sorry, I called
it function. It's a parser value, which itself is a
wrapper around a function. But any and
EOF are both people would refer to
them as combinators. So if you hear parser combinator, that's kind of the
thing they're talking about.
>> Gotcha. Okay, that makes sense.
So, you know, that covers the two base
cases
>> I just wanted to touch on. Why those two are
base cases because our the function type that
we have says you give me a string and I'll give
you effectively either a result
or an error, right?
And these two combinators, any
and EOF Let us step through the entire input so we could
go one character at a time. Just give me each character as it comes
along, and I'll do something with it, and then I'll hit the end.
Um, we're gonna need a couple more things, and
what we're building here may not be very
efficient. You can imagine going one character at the
time isn't the fastest thing in the world. Sometimes, you
know, you can skip a bunch of characters. Um,
but this is enough to show you how
these things work.
>> Gotcha. So how does it
I guess
any is recursive, right? Is
that Is that what's happening, or how do we
continually get through? You know, a
string? Like what? What in parsec does that?
>> Yeah, it could be a little tricky to wrap your head around. And I
think throughout this episode we'll probably say Parsec And we
may not actually mean the Parsec library. We may be talking about what they're
showing here. Um, but what? What he's
showing here the way that you carry that string around and like,
quote unquote update your state as you might think of it. In
a normal imperative, language is
you take a string as input and what you
return is a tuple that has a string and then
that either I talked about before. So you
take your input and then you produce like the rest of the
input after that. So with any
combinator, you're taking one character off the front of your
input and then passing the rest of it,
Uh, back to the caller.
>> Okay. Makes sense.
>> It could be a little tricky to wrap your head around because you're right. Like
using this will typically kind of feel
recursive, but the any function itself
doesn't use recursion.
>> Okay, that's that's good to know, because that's
where, like, you know, looking at the Parsec
library and kind of looking at the API
exposes. I'm like, Okay, but how do I
use these things? Like I know I can see what
they are, and I understand the type signatures, but how do I
use them? Um and so, I think,
diving down a little bit into the
his version, you know, of
any and EOF you know, is helpful to
just kind of grok That
idea.
>> Yeah. And I would have liked seeing a little
more high level motivation at the top. I think
he's kind of taking for granted that you already know what it will look like to
use this thing at the end. And you're curious about how is it
implemented? But you know, towards the end, when he gets
into parsing JSON, he mentions that
or he shows like this is how you will parse a JSON value will say,
like this constructor f mapped over this parser, Or this constructor
over that one on so. That's, I
think, kind of what you were touching on of, like, Okay, I can see how all
these what the type signatures of all these pieces
are. But how do I actually use them together?
>> So yeah. I mean, it is also
very nice to know what's happening
underneath? I don't discount that at all,
but as someone who hasn't put into practice like
I read this today knowing that okay, I
wanna take this tomorrow and run with
it for ah, advent of
code and parsing. You know, this hair color thing that I'm
trying to figure out what it is to make sure it
matches the rules that they have placed upon it.
So, yeah,
I definitely feel like I got a little bit more value at
the end of this article, but, uh,
moving along. You know, I think
talking about sequencing these parsers
is, um yeah,
parsing is sequential in
its nature, right? Like you're moving all through something
to translate it into some other data
type. And
so you know, he kind of
dives in a little bit of like how a parser might
help and how it allows you know
you to be in the parser monad that
than makes it a little easier to
to comprehend and follow.
>> Yeah, I feel like this is maybe it's
intentional. Maybe it's accidental, but it seems kind
of like a good introduction or Good monad tutorial,
which is kind of a meme in the Haskell community. But he starts
by showing what it would look like to use one of these
parsers if you had to pattern match on the result
every time. And it sucks. You know, you keep
indenting more and more, and you have to match every
time you capture a value. And,
uh, it feels to me, or it looks to me a
little bit like handling errors in golang where you
say, if there was a problem, then panic. Otherwise, keep going
and you just do that over and over again. And then
he shows how you can take that and improve it a little
bit by writing another combinator called
andThen where you give it a
function with the result you expected, and
it'll string all these things together for you so you can hide away some of that
complexity. And this, to me, looks a lot like the
elm way of doing things where there's no special syntax or
anything. And it's all very straightforward what's going on? But
because of that, there's a lot of extra noise where you have to
plug all these things together. And then you
get to, like, kind of the whole
reason. One of the reasons that Haskell exists
this special syntax around monads where you can make
it look like the same code you would write for IO Or
maybe or either or any other monad that you use
Haskell boom. You can use it for a parser to,
and I like that progression. I think that's cool.
>> Mhm. Yeah, honestly, I think you
know, I know there's fancy ways to do you know this
parsing, but I'm probably gonna start with, like, Alright, let me use do
notation and get
this piece of it and then say all right now I've got this
piece of it. I think that will be
super helpful. and read
easy to reason about.
>> I think it's a natural fit because, like you said,
parsing is sequential or at the very
least we can think of it as sequential. Sometimes you
can jump around. So, like if you're parsing a
JSON String, you could skip to the
next double quote and
just say, Okay, well, everything in there is probably a string and I'm gonna jump ahead if
you're looking for something else. But again, that's an optimization.
So, yeah, looking at the sequentially of do notation like
Look for this character, then look for a space, then look for this other
character. It's really easy to wrap your head around
that
>> Mhm. Yeah, No, I think that's
awesome. And like I said, there's more
complicated processes, which is like, you know, there's
a lot of infix operators here that
make your life easier. But if you're not
familiar with, you know, their type signatures and what they're
actually doing, it can get a little bit confusing.
Get backwards easily.
>> Do notation definitely has. The advantage of you
could point pretty much anybody at it, and they could probably guess what it
does. These other operators
are very convenient, and once you're familiar with the grammar
they form, then it's a really succinct
way to describe these things. Um, and
a lot of Haskellers are already familiar with some of these operators, in
particular the like angle bracket, dollar sign angle bracket that
infix fmap operator. We use that
one all the time, and we also use the I forget what what
people call it, like the spaceship or whatever. Which is the angle bracket
asterisk. Yeah, the applicative Um,
and we use that to, like, build up records or something out of a bunch
of different fields. But then there's there's the
versions of those operators that only have one of the angle brackets, so they're, like,
missing a side, and that treats one side as
special. So, like it will
ignore the result from one side and give you the result from the other.
Um, and again, those are super convenient.
But if you see these and you don't already know what they do,
you might not be able to find out,
>> right? Yeah. So,
yeah, he kind of chit chats about some of those
infix operators as well. Eh? So I do
definitely see their value It's just kind of
a little blurry, but I'm glad that this blog post
is giving me insight.
>> Well, my my prediction is that as you get
more comfortable with parsers, you
will start to be a little annoyed by
the common structure that you often do where you're like
parse one thing, and then do a void parse
something else and then parse some other thing. And that's very
neatly captured by some of these operators.
>> Mm. Like oh, yeah, I want just the left side
of this. Don't give me whatever comes from the right.
>> And I also wanted to circle back so earlier when I was talking about
combinators. The way that I think of
parser combinators is in my head is stuff that
you use with these goofy operators. So, like, if
you would plug it into this weird sequence of star angle
bracket, you know, dollar sign, blah, blah, blah, then it's
probably a parser combinator That's
a That's a pretty wishy washy definition. But it works pretty well.
>> Yeah, seems to cover the bases.
Hmm. All right.
So you know, we've learned
about this stuff and, you know,
we How do we know we're
getting the right thing. Like, how do we know that
you know this string? You know,
once we've quote unquote parsed it
out of, you know, the larger string How
do we know what to transform it into, like, how does
that work?
>> Yeah, that one is tricky a little
bit. So we have to
match on what we captured, right? So,
like, let's say we grab some string and if that string is
a double quote, then we know we're doing it. Or that might be a
bad example. If that if that character is a you
know, square bracket, then we know we're going to start parsing an array at that
point. And this
is another place where recursion I think comes in
because usually what you're going to do is look for
some special identifying character, like
a square bracket or a curly bracket, and
then call some other parser and that parser
is gonna parse a couple of more characters and produce a value for
you. So, like, um,
like, null in JSON, that's a That's a good example. So you
may look for, like, hey, parse the letter n and
then parse the letter u and then l and then l.
And after you've done those four things
return or pure in modern parlance,
pure, the like JSON null value.
And that's how your quote unquote
converting this string into a more
structured value. You're doing the parsing. And then,
after the parsing has succeeded, you're saying this is the value I
actually want to use,
>> right? So you're Yeah, you're just getting that
chunk of data and saying all right, now that I had this piece of
information, does it turn transform into
this proper
>> right? And
null is kind of, ah, weird example because you're not
actually doing anything with your input. You're just making sure that you
were given some input. If you want to parse a
number, you may parse like let's say you want an
integer, a positive integer. So you just parse
some number of decimal digits in a row.
Um, you still have to turn that into a
number. And that part just depends on what
data type you're trying to build. So, you know, for numbers you would
like, uh, take each
digit individually and convert it from a character into
a numeric value and then add all
those up with their respective, you know, multiplication
for the whatever base you're in.
Um so to answer your question, it
depends. That's how you turn stuff in structured
data.
>> Sounds like Haskell. Everything. It just
depends. Which was totally cool.
I love that flexibility. And they, you know,
the safety that it gives us. Um, it's
great. Uh, cool. Well, thank you for your kind of
diving and a little bit on that bit.
So, like I was saying
earlier, I'm gonna be parsing
something that could be
one of I think eight things
is the problem I'm currently trying to solve.
Mm. What
happens if, like,
I think I think choice is what I
want here. But like, if I have a list
of, you know, match strings
matches and I want to say, All right, it's got to match. At least one of
these is like is like, the idea of
picking one, making a choice that is successful. Is
that what I would want to do?
>> Yeah, almost always and choice
itself. I don't think the
Parsec library probably provides this. Um,
but the operator that it builds off of Is
this another one of these special ones? That is angle
bracket, pipe angle bracket. So it kind of visually looks like
this or that.
>> The ax
>> the battle ax
>> I don't know. Is it like a hammer. Maybe,
uh maybe pick ax
Yeah. There we go.
>> Um, and choice just glues together. A bunch of things that
you provide as a list so that you can not
use that operator a bunch. Um, but yeah,
you normally would say I want this
thing or if it's not that thing, I want this other thing or if
it's not that other thing, I want this yet another thing
and you have to be a little careful here because
the parser as we've talked about you
can think of it as being sequential. So if you put something
less specific higher up in your list,
it may prevent your more specific thing from matching.
So, uh, to use an example, let's
say you want to parse numbers. So
you say I'll take any any digit any
number of times. Okay, But then later, you
specifically want to parse the number zero because you do something
special with it in your language. You're gonna
have to put zero before your general number parser. Otherwise,
it will never parse it because it will already have been grabbed by
the earlier one.
>> Hmm, okay.
>> So when you're doing that angle, bracket,
pipe angle bracket, that choice operation,
you have to put more specific stuff at the top.
Yeah, and then less specific stuff below. Order
matters. And usually or often I
should say your like
attempts at parsing stuff are gonna have different
first characters. So it won't matter too much. Like with
JSON. You're parsing null or true or
false. All of which start with a different character
or you're parsing a number which doesn't start with any of
those characters or a string or an array or an object. So they all
start with different things. So this isn't super
important for that particular case.
>> Gotcha. Okay, cool. Yeah. So
seems like choice is going to give
us, you know, based on which one
it matches, which everyone that matches first, it's gonna give us that
data,
>> Yeah It has. It has no concept of, like, a best
match or like a most specific match,
>> which yeah, that would be really tough to do. I
mean, I'm sure it's possible, but seems
not worth it. Just order things the way you want.
>> Then you get out of that mental model of thinking of it as
sequential. Because then your model becomes, Well, it's going to
try to parse everything quote unquote at the
same time. And then it will give me back the best one.
And, you know, there are parsers that can work like that, the
one that we're building in. This isn't like that. And I'm
pretty sure Parsec isn't like that. Um,
maybe you can muscle it into being that way, but I'm not
sure.
>> Yeah, I mean, I'm the newb here,
so, you know, don't quite new. Okay,
so what if we are
iterating? Like so say we have a
list, for some reason not some reason
it's a valid thing. We have a list, and we all
we know it's separated by commas.
Like and we just wanna get each piece
of data. How would we do that?
What would that look like? Um,
yeah,
>> yeah. So this is another one of the combinators,
and I should have said this earlier but at the top when we
had any and EOF those are
like the primitives, they're absolutely necessary to do
anything. But everything we've been talking about
are also primitives. And in fact, many of them are
defined in the control dot applicative module
for either applicatives or a related type class
called Alternative. An alternative is the one that defines that
choice operator, the Pick ax
Um, and these are
generally useful. So, like, um, choosing
the first of many options or
parsing are selecting many things in a row or
saying I want lots of things separated by things. These are all general
concepts, and they happen to apply to parsers.
Uh, but they're not specific to parsers, So I should
have said that earlier. But first, for separating by
So like, this is really common, like with JSON parsing an array,
you say, give me a square bracket or I want a
match on a square bracket and then some JSON Value and then a
comma, and then some other Jason value. And just keep doing that
until you hit a closing square bracket.
Um, and the
sepBy operator, which Parsec,
provides in this little library he's building up also provides Does that
for you. Where it. Um uh,
This this is finally where we run into actual recursion
because sepBy has a companion function
called sepBy1. And the difference between those
two is that sepBy1 needs at least
one element to match inside where as sepBy I can give you
back an empty list. And these two
functions take turns calling each
other. They're mutually recursive. Or maybe not these two. But he has,
ah, similar pair of functions called many and
manyOne. where many will give
you could give you an empty list. And manyOne will always guarantee there's at
least one thing in it. And this is
a challenging thing to wrap your head around
because many calls manyOne or it
returns an empty list and then manyOne calls the
parser and then calls many. But then manyOne
comes back and calls like they just bounce back and forth
between each other. Um, so I know I
struggled with that the first time I saw it, but it's it's a little
weird.
>> Yeah, I was like, I'm still
trying to grok it, and it's like three or four times now.
So it's like, Yeah, I mean,
I see the benefit, but it's and like
the need for it, but it's just a little only confusing
side.
>> So I think many and
manyOne are a little easier to understand than sepBy and
sepBy1. So I'm gonna focus on those. And just so you know,
I was talking about the alternative type class. It
defines many and manyOne but it calls
manyOne some s o
M e, which is super confusing because I can never
remember. Does many mean it can be empty? Or
does some mean it can be empty? And the
answer is that it's many, but I like that he went with many and
manyOne. So the way
that they work is that for
many, it tries to call
manyOne and then if that fails, it
returns an empty list. So it has that pickaxe operator there.
It's doing a choice. So that means that
if if the parser that you're trying to match many of
did not succeed at least one time, then you're going to
get back the empty list
And then we can consider manyOne. So what
manyOne does is it runs that
parser You gave it. So it'll look for, let's say, a
JSON Value. And then it'll
run that parser zero or more times after
that by calling many.
So it's just a way to say, like,
it's clever. It doesn't need to be done this way.
You could write them, not in terms of each other,
but it is clever.
>> Got so soon as you get a Failing
manyOne, you would then return
an empty list.
>> So it just keeps trying that parser over
and over until it can't anymore and then says, Okay, I'm done. You get back your empty
list and that'll be consed. You know, all the elements you
found up until then, we'll be consed onto it.
Yeah.
>> Nice.
>> Yeah. And if, uh if you're looking for, like some
experimental insight into how this works, you
could use the debug dot trace module to put a
debug at the first
like line of each of these implementations to see how it bounces
between them and what it has built up. So far and what it's
parsed so that may be illuminating as well.
>> Yeah, I saw that. That actually parsec that has,
like, its own trace functions and stuff.
>> Yeah,
>> put straight up in line was just like, Okay. I mean, they're probably the
same as debug dot Trace that Probably just
>> and Parsec and probably the other related
libraries. One of the benefits of using them is that they
have some utility functions that will
print out a lot of debugging information as they go along. So you
can. There's some function in Parsec. That's like, you
know, try to run this parser against this input
and also spit out all the debugging info you generate along the
way. And it may not give you down to the
level of which combinator am I calling at any given
time. But it'll be like I'm examining this bit of input, and this is
the decision I made based on it. So that's
useful.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> Um, but yeah. Sorry. Bringing it all the way back around
to sepBy, um, the way that set by works
is essentially by
delegating to many and manyOne,
but it will
because you're separator means that you have to
parse that separator between
parses right? So like
I'll parse a JSON value and then I'll parse a comma. And then I
have to parse another JSON value after that.
Um, and so sepBy just
builds those two parser together, the separator in the value
in the right order and then calls many with it. I
feel like I'm doing a poor job explaining this, but it
conceptually isn't that different than many. And
manyOne.
>> Gotcha. Okay, cool. Yeah. I mean, that
makes sense. I would definitely go
have people check it out if they're
curious.
>> Yeah. Agreed.
>> Yeah. Um well, I know we've been chatting about
this for a minute, and I don't want to keep our listeners too
long, and I wanna respect you know, all of our
times. So if you're interested in the parsing
JSON section of this, check out the
the post it will be in the show notes a
swell, as in, uh, issue
241 of Haskell weekly. So there's
lots of places to go find it, but that that bit kind of
puts it all together, you know, shows you how
to take a set of information and
then parse it all the way through and figure out which
choice is going to succeed on. They start with the
most, um,
most descriptive, which is, like, object. And then they move
down as far as like what things could be
parsed into. So, you know, if you're interested in that,
go check it out.
>> Yeah, it's a great resource,
and I feel like some of the things that we've talked about our a
lot easier to look at on screen. So, like
saying angle, bracket dollar sign angle bracket is super clunky,
but reading it's not that bad. Um, and on the
flip side, reading something like the many
definition, uh, just kinda rolls
past your eyes and you're like, Wait a minute. What? What did I just read there?
Yeah, yeah, it's a great resource. Go check it
out. It'll be in the show notes.
>> Yeah, and I mean, who knows maybe next week?
We'll see if I actually was able to figure out how Parsec works and
actually succeed at Day four part two
of Advent of Code which I've been stuck on since December 4th,
so if you're curious, that's
where I'm at and It's currently December
11th. So we're struggle bussing here.
>> Good luck.
>> Thank you. I need it. I need it, But
yeah. So thanks for being on the show, Taylor. It was Thanks for
having me as well. It was fun to chat and catch up.
It's been a little bit since we've got to do this. So,
>> yeah, I'm not sure which one of us is on the show in which
one of us is having the other on the show. But, you know,
>> I think it's our show
>> We're co-hosts we're both doing each.
>> It's like our house in the middle
of the Haskell weekly. Yeah.
>> Can we sing that? Do we have to pay royalties?
>> I don't know. I mean, I made a
spoof off of it. So do a half. You
think so? I didn't want to use it directly.
Um, yeah. So it was fun to be
here today. Uh, you know, I want to also thank
ITProTV our employer for sponsoring
this podcast and allowing us to, you know,
chit chat, catch up and spend some time,
you know, sharing with the community what we're learning and what we're
doing. So I appreciate them a lot.
They also want to thank all of you guys, Um,
for, you know, listening. And they wanted to offer you
guys a promo code for 30% off the
lifetime of your subscription using a Haskell
weekly 30 again, that is Haskell
Weekly 30 for access to
ITProTV the e-learning platform for
IT professionals.
>> Yeah, man, go check it out. itpro.tv
Also, if you wanna learn more about us, you can visit
our website Haskell weekly dot News were also on
social media Twitter, Reddit, YouTube,
all that stuff and if You have suggestions
for stuff you would like to see in the newsletter or you'd like to
hear us discuss here on the podcast Excuse me.
Podcast, please let us know. You can email us
info at Haskell weekly dot news or open an issue on
GitHub or ping us on Twitter.
>> Whatever. Or if you wanna be on the show is a guest just
hit us up.
>> Yeah, we'd be happy to have a guest.
And Yeah, I think that will
>> Just two lonely souls here.
>> Yeah, um, that will do it for
us this week. With any luck, we'll see you
again next week. And, uh, Happy holidays,
everybody.
>> Happy holidays. Stay safe.